Add playwright backend (#14940)
bokeh/bokeh: docs/bokeh/source/docs/user_guide/output/export.rst

Additional dependencies
-----------------------

To use Bokeh's export functions, you need a headless browser backend.

> Bokeh supports two options: `Playwright`_ (recommended) and `Selenium`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bokeh supports two options: `Playwright`_ and `Selenium`_.
```

Using Playwright (recommended)

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using Playwright 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

> Playwright is faster and easier to install than Selenium:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Playwright is fast and easy to install:
```

.. code-block:: sh

    pip install playwright
    playwright install chromium

> That's it — no separate browser driver binaries to manage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Separate browser driver binaries do not have to be managed.
```

.. note::

    When both Playwright and Selenium are installed, Bokeh defaults to
    Selenium to preserve existing behaviour. To opt in to Playwright,
    set ``BOKEH_EXPORT_BACKEND=playwright`` or pass ``backend="playwright"``

>     to export functions. See :ref:`ug_output_export_backend` below.

Reviewer: Could say "Currently, when both ..." and also state that this behavior may change in the future. It's possible we will want to switch the default order or even drop selenium support at some point, but that would require a deprecation period.

              for details about which version of ChromeDriver works with which
              version of Chrome or Chromium.

.. _ug_output_export_backend:

Choosing a backend
------------------

By default (``auto``), Bokeh tries Selenium first and falls back to
Playwright. This preserves existing behaviour for users who already have
Selenium installed. If only Playwright is installed, it is used
automatically. You can override the auto-detection in two ways:

**Environment variable** — set ``BOKEH_EXPORT_BACKEND`` to one of
``auto``, ``playwright``, or ``selenium``:

.. code-block:: sh

    BOKEH_EXPORT_BACKEND=playwright python my_script.py

**Per-call parameter** — pass ``backend`` directly to any export function:

.. code-block:: python

    from bokeh.io import export_png

    export_png(plot, filename="plot.png", backend="playwright")

You can pass a Selenium ``WebDriver`` or a Playwright ``Browser`` / ``BrowserContext`` instance

> to ``webdriver`` keyword argument; note it's ``webdriver`` to keep backwards compatibility with Selenium,

Reviewer: Simplify / avoid semicolons.

Also, if there is a more appropriate generic parameter that can be added we can also just switch to that and deprecate `webdriver` (the `webdriver` parameter would still need to function but it could emit a deprecation warning pointing to the new parameter name)

Author: I couldn't think of a generic parameter that supports both:

`browser` leans more towards playwright, `executor` doesn't sound right, `backend_instance` feels a bit too long.

`webdriver` makes the most sense to me.

even when using Playwright.

You can also set the backend programmatically via Bokeh settings:

.. code-block:: python

    from bokeh.settings import settings

>     settings.export_backend = "playwright"

Reviewer: Let's update the intro to say "three ways" and present this method in the same format, e.g. like
```
** Global settings** — update the ``export_backend`` setting
```

              for details about which version of ChromeDriver works with which
              version of Chrome or Chromium.

.. _ug_output_export_backend:

Choosing a backend
------------------

By default (``auto``), Bokeh tries Selenium first and falls back to
Playwright. This preserves existing behaviour for users who already have
Selenium installed. If only Playwright is installed, it is used
automatically. You can override the auto-detection in three ways:

**Environment variable** — set ``BOKEH_EXPORT_BACKEND`` to one of
``auto``, ``playwright``, or ``selenium``:

.. code-block:: sh

    BOKEH_EXPORT_BACKEND=playwright python my_script.py

**Per-call parameter** — pass ``backend`` directly to any export function:

.. code-block:: python

    from bokeh.io import export_png

    export_png(plot, filename="plot.png", backend="playwright")

You can pass a driver instance directly to any export function using the

> ``driver`` keyword argument. This accepts a Selenium ``WebDriver`` or a

Reviewer: @ahuang11 I think this is supposed to be ``backend`` now? Please fix here and anywhere else relevant.
